+++
title = "2024-05-04"
date = "2024-05-04"
+++

# 2024-05-04

I'm starting to record this daily log because I realize how unreliable my
memory is.

Last night into early this morning I was having an argument on discord with M
about PluralKit and discord usage. He sited research linked to by
r/SystemCringe which made me very uncomfortable. Then he tried to engineer a
solution which I shitted on. This discussion has not been resolved, and **will
not be brought up again**.

This morning — well, 5 PM? I woke up. I was caught in follow-up discussion
about M's alternative service. Ended in him yielding.

We had dinner at YO! Tea & Yoka Grill; the drink called Windows was pretty
literally a recreation of WindowsXP's default background and tasted like a
light milkshake.

I called L over because he had plans for \*\*\* for May \*\*\*. M didn't
appreciate me doing that without notifying him. My bad.

L and I played Tanks, which is a game M designed. I sucked at the game, but
maybe did a tiny bit better than L.

We went for a walk to CVS and got ice cream (Mini Melts, supposedly ice cream
batter chilled in liquid nitrogen). The "marshmallow" flavor is basically
vanilla. We talked about L's plans for \*\*\*. I was annoyed at my hands
getting sticky because of the cream, so we went to wash it off at \[hci\]. Then
we started another discussion and I brought up the earlier argument. **The
earlier argument is NOT to be brought up again.** This upset M.

There was a later discussion about nobody being able to help me. I was very
sorry for having disappointed him and run him out of patience. He forgave me.

S tried to join my discord and M identified him as an incel. I banned him. I
feel bad about this but, sure. **The community comes first.**

I'm anxious about move-out which is May-8  / Tuesday. I need place to stay &
put stuff away. **I need to PAUSE all my fixations. I need to PAUSE everything
else.**

[person_M]: Matei

[person_L]: Louis

[person_S]: # (StrayPhoenix on discord, potentially incel? according to Matei)
